What era are you still playing this set?
It's okay, you don't understand.
If you really like your sister
Then I can quit
Who do you think you learned this green tea from?
My four older brothers seem to be the same
Okay, okay.
Today is my birthday party
Don't bring up the matter of urging marriage in the future
This card has 100,000
I'll give you this glass of wine later, maybe
Lu Qinghuan, you forced me to do this
No matter what kind of shit you are, handsome or modern
I'm going to be ruined today
Qing Huan
My grandfather knew
It's my brat who's sorry for you
You are looking at grandpa's face
Don't argue with him.
Give grandpa a good birthday, okay?
Ok ok ok ok
I knew Qing Huan was a good boy
This glass of wine
Even if grandpa married my stinky boy and apologized to you
I'll give you this wine
Blue and white, wait a minute.
I still have a gift for you.
Listen to me.
Who are you
You you